In a recent W three total cash update, the choice of using a wizard has been added to the W three options.
I don't recommend you use the Wizard, Select, Skip and then general settings to configure the options
manually as per this lecture, as per so many requests.
W three total cache configuration for your VBS.
You can install the plugin using the WordPress Dashboard or WPEC Allai, but do not activate the plugin,
please run the WordPress ownership and permissions script before you install the plugin and after you
install the plugin to ensure that ownership and permissions of the various WordPress files are correct.
W3 TCR uses a file called Engine X.com, enough to store various engine X directives.
Do not confuse this with engine X.com in F the main engine X configuration file 386 engine X.com NFR
is located in the public underscore HTML directory.
The main engine X configuration file is located in the slash ATC slash engine X directory.
We need to manually create the file, then we need to secure the file and ensure that the permissions
and ownership is correct.
We will be creating an include file that contains cash exclusions, you can add any additional exclusions
to the list.
The default travails directive we are using is going to be replaced by the W3 Trial Files Directive,
the directive processes requests as follows trial files.
That is the actual directive.
Firstly, checking server cached static page at the following location.
If that request cannot be fulfilled, then check and serve the requested.
You are right, if that request cannot be fulfilled and server directory at the you are right.
Finally, if the three preceding requests cannot be fulfilled, fall back to serving index dot.
After logging into your server in your home directory, you have a script file that sets the ownership
and permissions for your various WordPress files.
I'd like you to open that file using NENO.
The site that you are busy working with, please ensure you have an entry that sets the permissions
of WPI from config to six six for Sudo Siegmund 664 path to the WP config file.
I'm going to change to my site's public HTML directory.
WP Plugin Search BTC, there is the listing name W3 Total Cash, the Slug W3 1/2 Total Hafid Cash WP
Plug Install followed by the slack.
Plug in installed successfully, do not activate the plug in at this stage, we need to create a file
engine extorts enough in the public HTML directory of your touch engine Eckstut SEO if.
Because your user created the file, it will be both the owner and the group owner use the own command
and change it to your user as the owner and the Web server as the group owner.
Ownership is now correct permissions, your user can write to the file.
The Web server can also write to the file.
That is correct.
You can change to the Etsy Ingenix global directory.
You can open the file WP security director Dot Seo enough using Nano right at the top.
We can add a location directive, an exact match location equals slash engine dot com in F Denyer or
can close NENO saving your changes and two-stage test the configuration configuration test is successful.
Go back to your home directory.
You can open your WordPress ownership and permissions script using Nenna underneath the C Mod six six
four four WP config IP and another command sudo mod 664 with a path to engine Eckstut Seo in F.
Once you've added that command, you can close the WordPress ownership and permissions script saving
your changes.
You can change to the Etsy Ingenix directory, you'll notice a new directory in the listing includes
this is an update of the course.
I don't want you to store the include files and various other configuration files in the global directory,
create a new directory called Includes and Use the includes directory for these course updates.
If you completed the CloudFlare and the right limited course updates, you will of course have the includes
directory already.
Sudo neno the file we want to create is w3 btc underscore directive's dot seo and if the contents of
WCT you will find in the PDF attached to this lecture, you can regard this file as the cache exclusions
file, for example, post requests and you are Owles with a query string should always go to IP.
Don't cache your eyes containing the following segments, don't cash for logged in users or recent commenters.
And then you have the trifocals directive that's prior files directive or replace the existing trial
files directive in your site's configuration file.
We will get to that shortly.
You can close NENO saving your changes to the W3 CTC directive's file.
You want to change to the ITC Ingenix sites available directory, you want to then open your sites configuration
file using Nano.
Scroll down to the existing files directive.
I'm going to comment the director about.
We need to add to include files, the W3 directives file, as well as the engine extorts SEO NFR include
full path to W3 directives include full path to engine X.com and if you can close your site's configuration
file, saving your changes.
I'm going to type clear sudo Ingenix hyphen t configuration test is successful, you can now reload
Ingenix.
I've changed to my site's directory.
I've listed the plug ins, I'm now going to activate W3 Total Cash using WPEC Aligarh.
It's always good practice to periodically restart the FPM service to clear the up cash sudo system or
restart seven point two hyphen.
If PM before you configure W3 total cash, please run the WordPress ownership and permissions script.
You can open your browser and log into your dashboard left hand side performance dashboard.
It's giving us a path is writable with finished permissions back to.
You can ignore that it is not taking ownership into account.
I had this message engine exosphere and if rules have been updated, please restart engine X.
We will do that.
Had this message.
Thanks for using exit general settings page cash enable the method disk enhanced Minify enable after
enabling Minify.
Please read the warnings.
It is giving you some tips.
I'll change the mode from auto to manual mini farkash method disc.
I will leave all the options as they are.
OP code cache caching op code.
Send up cache which is correct database cache.
We can leave as is object cache in another course update.
I will be installing Redus for now.
Leave it as is fragment cache method disk.
You can click on save all settings on the left hand side and the page cache cache preload automatically
from the page cache.
You can also select reload the post cache upon publish events.
This will create static HTML pages of your site and serve those to visitors.
Makes your site extremely fast.
Save settings, Ingenix rules have been updated, please restart Engine X, we will do that from terminal.
We can hide this message.
The setting changes made either invalidate the cash data or modify the behavior of the site.
Empty the page cache dashboard home.
It's switched back to terminal earlier.
Our engine starts.
NFR was empty.
Look at the size of the file now for 086.
They are some of the Engine X directors that W3 ATC has added to the engine Eckstut CEO, NFR test the
configuration test successful.
You can read out Ingenix and you have successfully installed and configured W3 total cash on your site,
you can use both Redus and W3 RTC together on your server.
This configuration provides excellent performance.
W3 will control Redus, so all you need to do is install Redus and then select Redus under object cash.
Do not install any other Redus plugins.
If you are using CloudFlare, you can activate outfly under Extension's W3.
TK makes it easy to integrate outfly on your site.
BTC is not a simple caching plug in to work with.
The level of complexity and configuration choices make it a difficult plug in to start out with.
Initially, I recommend you use WP super cache on your production server test wct see on a space server
until you are confident configuring the plugin.
As with any type of caching, it's important that you test your site thoroughly after enabling caching,
review all critical processes on your website to ensure that the cache objects are not being reused
incorrectly.
Any time you change any setting for W3 GC, you need to test the configuration and then reload Engine
X.
In this lecture, we configure the W3 total cache for WordPress.